Optics (#484)
tweag/cooked-validators: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - `LtlDelay` delays a Ltl formula by n time stamps. `there` is now implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LtlDelay` delays a Ltl formula by n timestamps. `there` is now implemented
```

  `typedDatumFromTxOutRef` as they have been replaced by `viewByRef` or
  `previewByRef`.
- `DatumContent`. In a `TxSkelOutDatum` the datum is now stored as is, and a new
  type, `UtxoPayloadDatum` is used to store datum in utxo payloads.

### Changed

- `TxOpts` replaced by `TxSkelOpts` and field names changed likewise.
- `TxLabel` replaced by `TxSkelLabel`
- `txOutByRef` replaced by `txSkelOutByRef`. It now throws an error if the
  output is not found and thus it returns `m TxSkelOut` instead of `m (Maybe
  TxSkelOut)`
- Complete overhaul of the optics within skeleton. Their names has been made
  consistent, the missing ones have been added and they are used more
  consistently throughout the codebase.
- `TxSkelMints` has been improved and clarified.
- Transaction modifications in options are now called `txSkelModTx` and is now a
  simple unwrapped function.
- Parameters modifications in options are now called `txSkelModParams` and is
  now a simple unwrapped function.
- `ToCredential` is no longer a requirement for an owner of a `TxSkelOut`,
  instead it is derived from `IsTxSkelOutAllowedOwner`
- Some helpers, like `txSkelOutValue` are gone, as part of the optics overhaul,

>   and are replaced by their optics counterpart, such as `view txSkelOuValueL`. 

Reviewer: At first sight, this worries me a little because the optics API is often more tedious to use.
But at the same time I like to prune some fat from the API.

I'm just wondering about consistency. Is it a new guideline for the project? From now on, if there are optics, we get rid of the legacy field accessors and helpers?

Author: I was wondering the same at first. Then I realized that by making everything an optic, then these helper would also be used as optics (and rarely as view XX) and thus that made sense.

Author: Yes, I think this should basically be a new guideline.
